feat: add `array/base/cunone-by-right` (#2800)
stdlib-js/stdlib: lib/node_modules/@stdlib/array/base/cunone-by-right/README.md

<!--

@license Apache-2.0

Copyright (c) 2024 The Stdlib Authors.

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

   http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.

-->

# cunoneByRight

> > Cumulatively test whether no array element in a provided array pass a test implemented by a predicate function, while iterating from right-to-left.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Cumulatively test whether no array element in a provided array passes a test implemented by a predicate function, while iterating from right-to-left.
```

<section class="usage">

## Usage

```javascript
var cunoneByRight = require( '@stdlib/array/base/cunone-by-right' );
```

#### cunoneByRight( x, predicate\[, thisArg ] )

> Cumulatively test whether no array element in a provided array pass a test implemented by a `predicate` function, while iterating from right-to-left.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Cumulatively tests whether no array element in a provided array passes a test implemented by a `predicate` function, while iterating from right-to-left.
```

```javascript
function fcn( value ) {
    return value > 0;
}

var x = [ 1, 1, 0, 0, 0 ];

var y = cunoneByRight( x, fcn );
// returns [ true, true, true, false, false ];
```

#### cunoneByRight.assign( x, out, stride, offset, predicate\[, thisArg ] )

> Cumulatively test whether no array element in a provided array pass a test implemented by a `predicate` function, while iterating from right-to-left and assign the results to the elements in the output array.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Cumulatively tests whether no array element in a provided array passes a test implemented by a `predicate` function, while iterating from right-to-left, and assigns the results to the elements in the output array.
```

```javascript
function fcn( v ) {
    return v > 0;
}

var x = [ 1, 1, 0, 0, 0 ];
var y = [ false, null, false, null, false, null, false, null, false, null ];

var out = cunoneByRight.assign( x, y, 2, 0, fcn );
// returns [ true, null, true, null, true, null, false, null, false, null ]

var bool = ( out === y );
// returns true
```

> The invoked `predicate` function is provided three arguments:

Reviewer: Let's move L67-L92 to before the `assign` documentation.

-   `value`: collection element,
-   `index`: collection index,
-   `collection`: input collection,

To set the function execution context, provide a `thisArg`.

```javascript
function fcn( v ) {
    this.count += 1;
    return ( v > 0 );
}

var x = [ 1, 1, 0, 0, 0 ];

var context = {
    'count': 0
};

var bool = cunoneByRight( x, fcn, context );
// returns [ true, true, true, false, false ]

var count = context.count;
// returns 4
```

</section>

<!-- /.usage -->

<section class="notes">

</section>

<!-- /.notes -->

<section class="examples">

## Examples

<!-- eslint no-undef: "error" -->

```javascript
var discreteUniform = require( '@stdlib/random/array/discrete-uniform' );
var cunoneByRight = require( '@stdlib/array/base/cunone-by-right' );

function fcn( value ) {
    return ( value > 0 );
}

// Create an array of random values:
var x = discreteUniform( 10, -10, 10 );
console.log( x );

> // Cumulatively test whether no array element pass a test, while iterating from right-to-left:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// Cumulatively test whether no array element passes a test, while iterating from right-to-left:
```
